how and what varnish to cover the pictures well
firstly if the picture is not fresh and already
few years or passed at this time you
it just needs to be protected by external
Impacts need to spend the world of course
layer on the first processing i.e.
have to primer first he fortify
this picture
secondly it will serve to communicate
a layer of varnish with a colorful layer here is the second
important moment to be
consider and then on what basis
those paints that we made pictures
if water based paints and i
would recommend taking this phthalic blessings
or
some other with us that is if
paint
paints pentaphthalic oil take fret
water based
if water based paints take good
on it any of 0 it is necessary in order
so that the varnish does not raise it
and was not one with
colorful layer because with time
multiple foot and harden and
peel off
and if it will be 1 slade base on with
paint can match what
along with the paint peel off in order
to make a lacquer film firmly
the most durable I would advise
the carrier is not a few layers and
each new layer I spent was different
a dream, that is, here we are
surface let's say oil paint we
put on her
maces
on this phthal base then after
drying we apply varnish on acrylic
basis we as a control word can
one more make your drinks whether you
it turns out a kind of triplex such
Triplex is very durable it stands
ultraviolet light, it can withstand any
precipitation and is able to protect
the picture is powerful enough
physical effects the only thing
need to remember with this application
three layers of varnish that its thickness does not
should be thick enough
that a thick layer of varnish will eventually
tend to Scacchi I breed varnish
thinner is strong enough as
at least one to one is often the case even
slurry then makes each layer enough
thin stage varnish layer is not so
thick to bounce over time and
peels off
importantly the same value have
glossy or matte varnish for coating
paintings and matte varnish are more pleasant
for the audience but because it feels
brik and surface looks flat
matte and velvety
but at the same time matt varnish and made colors
as if a little pale brings together
shades and does not contribute to the brightness of color
if you want to keep the brightness
Of course you need to use glossy for
blossomed
but at the same time I would not use
look your way on the surface which
has irregularities
because the bumps will
promote glare
to obstruct perception
just take a picture of the mistake and the picture
it will be very difficult to publish flare